[Music]
ten psychological problems caused by
parenting behavior with most
psychological issues the reasons are
quite trivial child and emotional
impressions you should know that your
low self-esteem and anxiety might be
caused by certain parenting mistakes
here are typical character traits a
people whose lives were directed by the
wrong behavior of their moms and dads
[Music]
number 10 lack of Independence
helicopter parents also called positing
parents are always watching and
scrutinizing their child's life they
mean well enough but such overprotection
leads to psychological issues if you
can't make a major decision without a
call to your parents
you're probably such a child when we
keep saying watch out you'll fall down
or don't touch the dog it'll bite you a
child only hears the world is dangerous
it's better not to do anything
instead parents can say it differently
be careful or look after yourself
we should allow our kids make mistakes
and draw their own conclusions let's
give them more freedom and they'll grow
independent number nine depression
feeling of guilt if parents say we
refuse ourselves everything for you to
have a higher education the feeling of
undeserved guilt will overwhelm a child
the same goes for threats concerning bad
grades the child is under constant
stress if you say how many times do I
have to tell you or can't you study
better your children will think you mean
that they are fools and failures to
motivate your kid simply say you can do
it try again think again you'll find the
answer or let's do it together
[Music]
number eight inability to rest and relax
completely
[Music]
be serious stop goofing around don't be
such a baby
such phrases will create an overly
earnest adult who's never fully relaxed
doesn't understand children and hates
immature people let your child has the
greatest time of their lives
childhood number seven harmful
addictions and extreme sports if parents
always tell their child how many
problems he or she causes the child will
conclude that everyone would be better
off without him as a result the child
grows into an adult who subconsciously
finds ways to destroy himself alcohol
smoking drugs or extreme sports you know
it's better for your kid the simple
phrase I love you just the way you are
[Music]
number six personal life issues
directives not to trust anyone will lead
to that perceiving the world as hostile
with traps everywhere the essence of
this is that you think your child is too
young to understand what's good for them
so you decide every little thing
yourself you may be right of course but
if your child lives with constant
limitations they will eventually rebel
against them also such grownups may have
serious trust issues number five
search for a parent partner saying
you're too young for that is the perfect
way to raise a kid alt this child will
probably stay too young forever being
dependent and needing a parenting
partner number four suppression of own
talents and lack of initiative if
parents frequently use such phrases as
don't be smart with me or stop
daydreaming their child will have
neither his own opinion initiative or
leadership qualities as an adult it will
probably drown their ambitions in
alcohol and fun
number three closeness suppression of
emotions a lack of emotions and
sensitivity and parents can't be ignored
by their child's subconscious when
frequently told to stop crying or
complaining the child closes in on
himself
these suppressed feelings can turn into
psychosomatic issues number two
extremely low self-esteem desire to be
like someone else parents who compare
their child with more accomplished kids
will get a self-critical teenager and an
adult with an inferiority complex they
always try to perform better
while hating themselves for not being
superior in the first place never
compare your child with others and avoid
such phrases as look how much better he
does it than you in this case the kid
only hears you're worse than everyone
else
[Music]
number one lack of independence
irresponsibility there is a particular
type of overprotective paranoid parent
who doesn't let their child do anything
don't touch the cat it'll scratch you
don't sit on the edge these messages
make a child afraid of making any
decisions passiveness and
irresponsibility also appear parenting
mistakes are quite common but their
price is too high with our own
unrestrained overindulgence
inconsistency or over busyness we make
our children nervous and naughty you are
capable of avoiding this you only have
to cherish understand respect and love
your kids
[Music]
do any of these situations sound
familiar to you and show this video to
your parents if you're still a child
you'll probably change their behavior
for the better don't forget to hit the
like button below the video and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Applause]